README.md, before:

# open-source-voting-systems
If we can land a spaceship on the moon with precision accuracy then we should be able to count votes with precision accuracy. 

Here is list of open source voting systems and related ideas/materials that I have been gathering over the years. This probably should be in Wikipedia at some point. PRs welcome and anyone interested in helping review and merge!

## Organizations

1. Open Voting Consortium http://www.openvotingconsortium.org/
1. OSET Institute (Open Source Election Technology)
http://www.osetfoundation.org/
https://trustthevote.org/
1. California Association of Voting Officials 
http://www.cavo-us.org/

## Known Efforts (past & present)
#### City and County of San Francisco (CCSF) http://sfgov.org/elections/request-information-rfi-new-voting-system

RFI http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/RFI_VotingSystem.pdf

Notable responses:

1. CAVO (California Association of Voting Officials) http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/20150820_CAVO.pdf
1. OSET Institute (Open Source Election Technology) http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/20150828_OSET.pdf
1. Alan Dechert http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/20150828_Dechert.pdf (fantastic read)

#### CHVote - Swiss/Switzerland E-voting system > https://republique-et-canton-de-geneve.github.io/chvote-1-0/index-en.html
Hacker News discussion > https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13175388

## Research/Papers/Simulations

#### To Build a Better Ballot by Nicky Case
http://ncase.me/ballot (prototypes/simulations)

#### Building Reliable Voting Machine Software by Ka-Ping Yee
http://zesty.ca/pubs/yee-phd.pdf (basis for Open Voting Consortium)

## Notable People Interested

* Alan Dechert 
* Nicky Case
* Ka-Ping Yee

Commit message:

New paper from Hacker News comment by Taek
Filip Zag´orski 1, Richard T. Carback 2, David Chaum 3,
Jeremy Clark 4, Aleksander Essex 5, and Poorvi L. Vora 6

1 Wroclaw University of Technology
2 Draper Laboratory 
3 Voting System Institute
4 Carleton University
5 Western University 
6 The George Washington University

README.md, after:

# open-source-voting-systems
If we can land a spaceship on the moon with precision accuracy then we should be able to count votes with precision accuracy. 

Here is list of open source voting systems and related ideas/materials that I have been gathering over the years. This probably should be in Wikipedia at some point. PRs welcome and anyone interested in helping review and merge!

## Organizations

1. Open Voting Consortium http://www.openvotingconsortium.org/
1. OSET Institute (Open Source Election Technology)
http://www.osetfoundation.org/
https://trustthevote.org/
1. California Association of Voting Officials 
http://www.cavo-us.org/

## Known Efforts (past & present)
#### City and County of San Francisco (CCSF) http://sfgov.org/elections/request-information-rfi-new-voting-system

RFI http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/RFI_VotingSystem.pdf

Notable responses:

1. CAVO (California Association of Voting Officials) http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/20150820_CAVO.pdf
1. OSET Institute (Open Source Election Technology) http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/20150828_OSET.pdf
1. Alan Dechert http://sfgov.org/elections/ftp/uploadedfiles/elections/rfi/20150828_Dechert.pdf (fantastic read)

#### CHVote - Swiss/Switzerland E-voting system > https://republique-et-canton-de-geneve.github.io/chvote-1-0/index-en.html
Hacker News discussion > https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=13175388

## Research/Papers/Simulations

#### To Build a Better Ballot by Nicky Case
http://ncase.me/ballot (prototypes/simulations)

#### Building Reliable Voting Machine Software by Ka-Ping Yee
http://zesty.ca/pubs/yee-phd.pdf (basis for Open Voting Consortium)

#### Remotegrity: Design and Use of an End-to-End Verifiable Remote Voting System
http://users.encs.concordia.ca/~clark/papers/2013_acns.pdf

## Notable People Interested

* Alan Dechert 
* Nicky Case
* Ka-Ping Yee
